README.md, before:

# AnimeList

### Deploy: https://animelist-dev.vercel.app/

_Clone the repository:_
```
git clone https://github.com/jose-matheus-dev/AnimeList.git
cd AnimeList
```
## Local Development with Docker Compose Watch
**Requirements:** Ensure Docker and Docker Compose are installed.

### Usage:
Start the development environment by running any of the following commands:

<table align="center">
    <tr>
        <td>
          <sub><sub>
            <pre><code><kbd>pnpm docker</kbd></code></pre>
          </sub></sub>
        </td>
      <td>
        <sub><sub>
          <pre><code><kbd>docker compose up --build --watch</kbd></code></pre>
        </sub></sub>
      </td>
      <td>
        <sub><sub>
          <pre><code><kbd>docker compose watch</kbd></code></pre>
        </sub></sub>
      </td>
    </tr>
</table>

---
Once started, access the AnimeList at http://localhost:5173.

> [!NOTE]
> For more information about file watch, refer to the <code>[Docker Compose Watch](https://docs.docker.com/compose/how-tos/file-watch/)</code> documentation.

Commit message:

docs: update README with project details, deployment note, and static pages slideshow

README.md, after:

# AnimeList

Single-page web application that presents anime information with per-title adaptive theming.  
UX/UI fully implemented based on a Figma prototype created from a PNG reference.  
**Stack:** Vite.js, React (TypeScript), pnpm, Docker Compose, styled-components, react-router.

![Pages - AnimeList](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/d9565e48-b7c6-4c29-8dde-b9aa27dfde87)

> [!Note]  
> To explore the animations, transitions, and interactions, check out the deployed version:  
> https://animelist-dev.vercel.app/

---
_Clone the repository:_
```
git clone https://github.com/jose-matheus-dev/AnimeList.git
cd AnimeList
```
## Local Development with Docker Compose Watch
**Requirements:** Ensure Docker and Docker Compose are installed.

### Usage:
Start the development environment by running any of the following commands:

<table align="center">
    <tr>
        <td>
          <sub><sub>
            <pre><code><kbd>pnpm docker</kbd></code></pre>
          </sub></sub>
        </td>
      <td>
        <sub><sub>
          <pre><code><kbd>docker compose up --build --watch</kbd></code></pre>
        </sub></sub>
      </td>
      <td>
        <sub><sub>
          <pre><code><kbd>docker compose watch</kbd></code></pre>
        </sub></sub>
      </td>
    </tr>
</table>

---
Once started, access the AnimeList at http://localhost:5173.

> [!NOTE]
> For more information about file watch, refer to the <code>[Docker Compose Watch](https://docs.docker.com/compose/how-tos/file-watch/)</code> documentation.
